
02:59:51


AWS Test -Feb DE Bootcamp 2026- for revision
Hi, Kritika. When you submit this form, the owner will see your name and email address.
Required
1.Which EC2 security feature protects instances from unauthorized network access?
(1 Point)

IAM Roles

Security Groups

Key Pairs

AMIs
2.You have an EBS volume that is the root volume of an EC2 instance, and you want to take a snapshot, how can you do this while ensuring consistency between EBS volume and snapshots?
(1 Point)

You can take the snapshot while the EC2 instance is running

You must stop the instance, then take the snapshot

You can’t take a snapshot of a EBS that is an EC2 instance boot volume

AWS will automatically take these snapshots during maintenance windows
3.Where does AWS CodeBuild store build artefacts by default after a successful build?
(1 Point)

Amazon S3

Amazon EFS

Amazon RDS

Amazon DynamoDB
4.Which AWS service allows fan-out messaging to multiple SQS queues?
(1 Point)

SQS

SNS

Lambda

Step Functions
5.What is the purpose of the AppSpec file in AWS CodeDeploy?
(1 Point)

Defines IAM permissions for the deployment

Specifies deployment lifecycle hooks and file mappings

Lists the EC2 instances in the deployment group

Configures CodePipeline stages
6.Which VPC component enables private subnet instances to access the internet?
(1 Point)

Internet Gateway

NAT Gateway

VPC Peering

Transit Gateway
7.You are deploying an application on Amazon EC2, which must call AWS APIs. What method should you use to securely pass credentials to the application?
(1 Point)

PassAPI credentials to the instance using Instance userdata.

StoreAPI credentials as an object in Amazon S3.

Embedthe API credentials into your application.

AssignIAM roles to the EC2 Instances.
8.If you launch an instance into a VPC that has an instance tenancy of a ______________, your instance is automatically a Dedicated Instance, regardless of the tenancy of the instance.
(1 Point)

shared instance

dedicated instance

default instance

new instance
9.You are using an On-Demand EC2 instance to host a legacy web application that uses an Amazon Instance Store-Backed AMI. The web application should be decommissioned as soon as possible and hence, you need to terminate the EC2 instance. When the instance is terminated, what happens to the data on the root volume?
(1 Point)

Data is automatically saved as an EBS snapshot

Data is automatically saved as an EBS volume

Data is automatically deleted

Data is unavailable until the instance is restarted
10.Which VPC component enables private subnet instances to access the internet?
(1 Point)

Internet Gateway

NAT Gateway

VPC Peering

Transit Gateway
11.Amazon S3 offers encryption services for which types of data?
(1 Point)

data in flight

data at client

data at rest

a and c
12.What does a VPC CIDR block define?
(1 Point)

Number of subnets

IP address range

Routing policy

Availability Zones
13.What EC2 instance attribute would allow you to pass a script to instruct the instance to install a software?
(1 Point)

EC2 tags

This needs to be done manually or through an application after the instance is launched

User data

None
14.How are you billed when using EMR Serverless?
(1 Point)

Per cluster-hour regardless of usage

Per vCPU-second and GB-second of memory consumed

Fixed monthly fee

Per S3 request made by the job
15.You need to start using resources in AWS to build a big data processing system. Which one of the following services would you ideally use for this requirement?
(1 Point)

AWS DynamoDB

AWS EMR

AWS ECS

AWS Glue
16.Which of the following is the most secure way of giving access to AWS services to applications running on Ec2 instances?
(1 Point)

Creating Service users

Creating service groups

Roles

Attaching policies to applications
17.Which RDS engine supports automatic scaling of compute capacity?
(1 Point)

MY SQL

PostgreSQL

Aurora Serverless

Maria DB
18.What is the default state of outbound rules in a security group?
(1 Point)

Deny all

Allow all

Deny HTTP only

Allow VPC traffic only
19.Which are components of Elastic MapReduce ?
(1 Point)

Master Nodes

Core Nodes

Task Nodes

All the above
20.Kinesis Data Firehose can automatically convert incoming JSON data to which columnar format before delivering to S3?
(1 Point)

CSV

XML

Parquet or ORC

Avro
21.Where does Amazon MWAA store DAG files that the Airflow scheduler picks up automatically?
(1 Point)

Amazon EFS

An Amazon S3 bucket configured in the MWAA environment

Amazon EBS volume

Amazon DynamoDB table
22.You have created a VPC with CIDR 10.0.0.0/24. The VPC has two subnets: public (10.0.0.0/25) and private (10.0.0.128/25). For an anticipated project you want to increase the CIDR range your VPC CIDR block, How can you do this?
(1 Point)

Change the subnet sizes to /28 subnets, then you will have more room to grow your VPC CIDR

You can always change a VPC's original CIDR block as needed

You can add additional VPC CIDR blocks, but can’t change the existing one

Delete all the subnets first, only then you can modify the size of the VPC
23.How do you allow a user to gain access to a specific bucket?
(1 Point)

Attach a policy to the IAM user

Add a bucket policy

Enable public Access on bucket

All the above
24.Redshift can provide fast query performance by leveraging _______ storage approaches and technology.
(1 Point)

Kay-Value

Row

Columnar

Database
25.Which file in an AWS CodeBuild project defines the build commands and phases?
(1 Point)

appspec.yml

buildspec.yml

Dockerfile

taskdef.json
26.Which of the below represents a use case where SQS would be a best fit?
(1 Point)

Decoupling application components to ensure that no dependency on failure of one component, and to ensure separate components can function independently from one another

Automatic SMS notification to clients when a threshold of a metric is exceeded

Distribute static web content to end users with low latency across multiple countries

Co-ordinate work items between different human and non-human workers
27.In EMR, which component is responsible for managing cluster resources?
(1 Point)

HDFS

YARN

Hive

Spark Driver
28.A CodeDeploy deployment to an Auto Scaling group should launch new instances with the new revision before terminating old ones. Which deployment type achieves this?
(1 Point)

Blue/Green

In-place

Rolling with additional batch

Canary
29.Which SQS feature ensures a message is delivered only once?
(1 Point)

Visibility timeout

Dead-letter queue

Standard queue

FIFO queue
30.During a CloudTrail analysis, it was found out that a particular IP is connecting to application number of times and seems to be suspicious. How can this be addressed ?
(1 Point)

Remove Internet Gateway.

Restrict that Particular IP through Security Group.

Restrict that Particular IP through Network Access Control.

Restrict with Route table entry.
31.___________ are instances of Docker images that can be run using the Docker run command.
(1 Point)

VM

Containers

EC2

All the above
32.What happens to a CodePipeline execution when a stage action fails?
(1 Point)

The pipeline skips the failed stage and continues

The pipeline stops at the failed stage and does not proceed

The pipeline automatically retries indefinitely

The pipeline sends an SNS email and continues
33.Which Route 53 routing policy distributes traffic equally across multiple resources?
(1 Point)

Weighted

Failover

Latency

Simple
34.One can list all of the containers on the machine via the ____________ command.
(1 Point)

docker container ls

docker pc

docker rm

docker ls
35.You junior AWS architect is wondering, which AWS service can be used to achieve an application architecture on AWS, where application components can be decoupled from each other, such that persistence of in-flight transactions can be achieved independent of any single application component?
(1 Point)

AWS CloudTrail

SQS

Amazon Redshift

Amazon ElastiCache
36.Amazon Kinesis _______ is a massively scalable and durable real-time data streaming service.
(1 Point)

Firehose

Data Analytics

Data Stream

All of them
37.You have launched an EC2 instance and you want to make some change to the security group rule. How will these changes be effective?
(1 Point)

Security group rules cannot be changed.

Changes are automatically applied to all instances that are associated with the security group.

Changes will be effective after rebooting the instances in that security group.

Changes will be effective after 24-hours.
38.What must you run in Athena after adding new partitions to an S3-backed table so queries can find the new data?
(1 Point)

VACUUM TABLE

DROP TABLE

ANALYZETABLE

MSCK REPAIR TABLE
39.Your EMR cluster uses 12 m4.large instances and runs 24 hours per day, but it is only used for processing and reporting during business hours. Which options can you use to reduce the costs? ​
​
(1 Point)

Run 12 d2.8xlarge instead without turn-off

Use Spot instances for task nodes when needed.

Use the ReduceMapper distribution of EMR.

None of the above
40.www.picnic.com is a photo and video hosting website and they have millions of users. Which of the following is a good solution for storing big data object, by reducing costs, scaling to meet demand, and increasing the speed of innovation?
(1 Point)

AWS S3

AWS RDS

AWS Glacier

AWS Redshift
41.Which component of AWS is Region Specific
(1 Point)

EC2

S3

Athena

All the above
42.A read replica in RDS is primarily used for
(1 Point)

Fault tolerance

High Availability

Better Application read performance

All the above
43.Which of the following can serve as a source stage provider in AWS CodePipeline?
(1 Point)

Amazon RDS

Amazon S3

Amazon EC2

Amazon Athena
44.Command to check the created, modified, deleted files in git before Commit?
(1 Point)

git show

git log

git status

All
45.An MWAA environment needs to trigger an EMR Serverless job as part of a data pipeline DAG. Which Airflow operator would you use?
(1 Point)

EMRServerlessOperator

GlueJobOperator

LambdaInvokeFunctionOperator

EmrServerlessStartJobRunOperator
46.Athena uses which underlying query engine?
(1 Point)

Apache Hive

My SQL

Presto / Trino

Apache Kafka
47.An EMR Serverless application is idle for 10 minutes between jobs. What happens to costs during this idle period?
(1 Point)

Full cluster cost continues

Costs are zero — no resources are provisioned

Pre-initialised capacity is still billed

Storage costs double
48.Which S3 storage class is MOST cost-effective for long-term archival with retrieval times of several hours?
(1 Point)

Standard-IA

One Zone-IA

Glacier Instant Retrieval

Glacier Deep Archive
49.What are the two main components of AWS Auto Scaling?
(1 Point)

Launch configuration and Elasticity

Auto scaling groups and Instance types

ELB and Auto scaling groups

Auto scaling groups and Launch Configurations
50.Which RDS feature improves availability by automatically failing over to a standby instance?
(1 Point)

Read Replicas

Multi-AZ deployment

Automated backups

Manual snapshots
Submit
Microsoft 365
This content is created by the owner of the form. The data you submit will be sent to the form owner. Microsoft is not responsible for the privacy or security practices of its customers, including those of this form owner. Never give out your password.
Microsoft Forms | AI-Powered surveys, quizzes and pollsCreate my own form
Privacy and cookies | Terms of use
